Reset cause (#27)
hostmobility/documentation: docs/system/mx4/reset_cause.md

---
title: Reset cause (MX-4)
tags:
  - Reset cause
  - MX-4
---

You can read out the platform "reset cause" from an SPI attribute or using the `/opt/hm/reset_cause.sh` script.

> Multiple reset causes are possible and you can reset the current reset cause by executing `echo 0 > /opt/hm/pic_attributes/ctrl_pic_reset_cause`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple reset causes are possible. You can also zero out the current reset cause by executing `echo 0 > /opt/hm/pic_attributes/ctrl_pic_reset_cause`.
```

Reviewer: I use "zero out" above only  for stylistic reasons. Otherwise you get a lot of "reset" in the same sentence.
